README.md, before:

﻿# OpenGL Study Project

This is a "learning" project while following learnopengl.com and possibly other resources in the future.

Currently im trying to learn to write good abstraction and design pattern. My code has probably some or many flaws but 
i'll improve overtime (hopefully)

---

### Things i want to archive
I want to archive the understanding of OpenGL and Graphical Programming in general (From Theory to Praxis) 
but also - as mentioned above - writing good C++ especially abstracting and writing good patterns.

---

### TODO's & Implementation
These are personal TODO list i want to implement or change. I'll list them as the ideas etc. come during or outside of
development.

- [x] Add Timer utility to Measure duration of the application.
  - [ ] (future) Expand Timer.h to track multiple things (Textures/Assets loading etc.) & specific places
  - [ ] (future) Maybe implement Timer and (if possible) some options inside imgui to toggle on & off
- [ ] Abstract App. Currently a mess
- [ ] Implement Geeometry class/abstraction
- [ ] Implement Renderer
- [ ] Implement Light shader
- ...

---

# Timestamps/Milestones

![First Image](Docs/First-Triangle-with-ImGui.png)

This is the first Timestamp. Here i've created an simple Triangle including ImGui. I've decided to implement ImGui
early on so i can make use of it early and possible play with it around for later use..

![First Image](Docs/Transformation-in-OpenGL.gif)

---

Commit message:

[TASK] Adjust README with description & Add few TODO notes/comments

README.md, after:

﻿# OpenGL Study Project

This is a "learning" project while following learnopengl.com and possibly other resources in the future.

Currently im trying to learn to write good abstraction and design pattern. My code has probably some or many flaws but 
i'll improve overtime (hopefully)

---

### Things i want to archive
I want to archive the understanding of OpenGL and Graphical Programming in general (From Theory to Praxis) 
but also - as mentioned above - writing good C++ especially abstracting and writing good patterns.

---

### TODO's & Implementation
These are personal TODO list i want to implement or change. I'll list them as the ideas etc. come during or outside of
development.

- [x] Add Timer utility to Measure duration of the application.
  - [ ] (future) Expand Timer.h to track multiple things (Textures/Assets loading etc.) & specific places
  - [ ] (future) Maybe implement Timer and (if possible) some options inside imgui to toggle on & off
- [ ] Connect Transformation options with ImGui
- [ ] Abstract App. Currently a mess
- [ ] Implement Geeometry class/abstraction
- [ ] Implement Renderer
- [ ] Implement Light shader
- ...

---

# Timestamps/Milestones

![First Image](Docs/First-Triangle-with-ImGui.png)

This is the first Timestamp. Here i've created an simple Triangle including ImGui. I've decided to implement ImGui
early on so i can make use of it early and possible play with it around for later use..

![Transformation](Docs/Transformation-in-OpenGL.gif)

Added now a Transformation abstraction and a little Window color feature or 
implementation in ImGui. Currently you can set auto rotate on or off, axis 
rotation option and so on. I'll probaby extend transformation class if 
needed especially connect it with ImGui

---
